# Tuesday, September 16th, 2025

## Attendance

**In Person** on 09/16/2025

All team members were in attendance.

## Key Points

1. Project proposal plan identified and tasks were distributed to team members.

2. Meeting schedule for the following week discussed and determined.

3. Discussed direction for the project and possible implications. The meeting with Dr. Van Neste is planned to get more specific about how to
   approach our project.

## Action Items From Past Meetings

1. Scheduled appointment with Dr. Van Neste for Wednesday 9/17.
2. Customer search is still underway, had a couple denials so new avenues are being explored.

## Member Updates

Brady - Finished contract last week and became secretary. Only update is utilizing meeting minutes template and folder for future
documentation.

Matthew - Found other potential customers and is reaching out to them this week.

Lawson - Discussed plans for project proposal and some specifics regarding his section.

Daniel - Recieved resources and research papers to aid in proposal from Dr. Van Neste.

Grant - Recieved resources and research papers to aid in proposal from Dr. Van Neste.

## Meeting Minutes (Summary)
Meeting began with attendance and then discussion about schedule for the week regarding meetings and project proposal. Tasks were assigned
to team members and the plan for work on the project proposal was designated and finalized. Specific ambiguities were noted and will be brought
up during meeting with Dr. Van Neste.

## Supplemental Notes from meeting with Dr. Van Neste September 17th, 2025
1. Decided to go seperate on autononmy and charging due to standards regarding regulations around drones and transmission lines. Main focus on the project with be making a drone that can follow lines without a user and manually charge and inspect when intructed to do so.
2. Focus on proving some type of power transfer and charge. The drone doesn't have to charge within 10 seconds or anything crazy, but demonstrate that power can be charged and stored would be great to demonstrate graphically and use as project conclusion/completion.
3. Discussed and made decision to meet with Dr. Johnson to discuss drone regulation standards to clarify what to declare in the project proposal for the project outline and goals.
4. Email Robert Craven and ask about if we still have a 11kV transformer setup to test project with.
5. Planned weekly schedule for meetings with Dr. Van Neste and added to calendars. Communication will be done via email for project updates and meeting notices.
