
# Monday, September 22nd, 2025

## Attendance

**In Person** on 09/22/2025

1. Brady
2. Matthew
3. Grant

## Key Points

1. First meeting with and officially named JWERC as the team's customer for our project.

2. Advised us to buy pre-built drone and add necessary tools (sensors for most everything, could speak with drone companies to help
   mount if necessary) whether we decide on wireless transfer or solely autonomy.

3. Will give us a test case if we can provide a fully-functioning prototype.

# Wednesday, September 24th, 2025

## Attendance

**In Person** on 09/24/2025

1. Brady
2. Matthew
3. Daniel
4. Lawson

## Key Points

1. Notified team advisor Dr. Van Neste on acquisition of JWERC as customer.

2. The 13kV Transformer and associated labratory was tracked down, Dr. Van Neste informed us that we can use it under supervision and
   we should have access soon. We are going to test wireless transfer ideas prior to conceptual design due date.

3. Based on results from the labratory, The team and Dr. Van Neste will make a final decision on whether to pursue wireless power transfer,
   or focus on drone autonomy and transmission line inspection. The specific path will be described in the detailed design, and for now are
   keeping the project proposal broad.

## Action Items From Past Meetings

1. Both action items were fulfilled. A customer was selected and the meeting with Dr. Van Neste took place.

## Member Updates

All members provided updates on project proposal and gant chart construction.

## Meeting Minutes (Summary)
Pretty much everything was described in the main points. The only information not provided is individual efforts towards the project proposal,
which is constantly being discussed and reviewed in the established method of communication from the team contract.


## Action Items for Next Week

For the Team:
1. Continue finishing rough draft of project proposal and complete all assigned parts by Monday for first review by Dr. Johnson.
