
# Tuesday, September 9th, 2025

## Attendance

**In Person** on 9/9/2025

All team members were in attendance.

## Key Points

1. Reviewed final revision of team contract and created pull request. Awaiting approval from Dr. Johnson before merging into main branch. Once approval is obtained, the merge and link submission will be sent by Wednesday.
     
2. Grant created team ClickUp for additional planning and streamlined scheduling. Team members were assigned to make an account and join the Captone Team ClickUp as soon as possible.

3. Email was drafted and sent to Dr. Van Neste (group supervisor) about scheduling first meeting. Reviewed next task, project proposal to get information about next steps going forward into next week and finding a customer.


## Member Updates

Brady - Worked on finishing team contract and was deignated as secretary.

Matthew - Sent emails to potential customers and was designated as team lead.

Lawson - Assisted in email draft to Dr. Van Neste.

Daniel - Assisted in emaul draft to Dr. Van Neste.

Grant - Created Team Click Up for scheduling.

## Meeting Minutes (Summary)

Next meeting scheduled for Thursday September 11th to discuss information gathered during class on Wednesday and plan specific tasks regarding the project proposal to be worked on in the coming week.

## Action Items for Next Week

For the Team: 
1. Primary task is finding a customer.
2. Begin working on project proposal once customer is identified, but go ahead and start other tasks we can complete pre-customer.
